README.md, before:

# WASP (Workplace Activity Simulation Program)

<div align="center">

![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-1.0.0-blue)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.8+-green)
![Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-always%20productive-brightgreen)
![Platform](https://img.shields.io/badge/platform-Windows%20%7C%20Linux%20%7C%20macOS-lightgrey)

**Outsmarting Corporate Surveillance Since 2025**

*Because your Boss/HR/Manager doesn't need to know you took a coffee break* ☕

![Screenshot](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8e650aed-574e-4c25-ac5a-43ba76e764c6)

</div>

---

An intelligent, multi-modal activity simulator with natural acceleration curves, keyboard emulation, and window switching. The free, open-source alternative to expensive mouse jigglers. Take your breaks guilt-free while maintaining system activity. Features physics-based mouse movements that are indistinguishable from real human input.

---

## 🎭 What is WASP?

WASP (Workplace Activity Simulation Program) is your secret weapon against invasive employee monitoring software. Born from the frustration of being micromanaged by tracking tools and similar corporate spyware, WASP keeps your system looking busy while you take that well-deserved break.

### 😤 The Problem

Modern companies install tracking software that monitors:

⏱️ Your active time

🖱️ Mouse movements

⌨️ Keyboard activity

📊 Productivity scores

🚨 Idle time alerts

Then they have the audacity to call you into HR meetings to explain why you took a 10-minute bathroom break. 

**Enough is enough!**

### 💪 The Solution

WASP simulates natural mouse activity and clicks to keep those tracking demons thinking you're hard at work. Take your breaks guilt-free!

---

## ✨ Features That Keep HR Off Your Back

🎮 **One-Click Activation** - Start looking busy instantly

🆘 **Panic Button (F9)** - Emergency stop when the boss walks by

🎯 **Smart Movement** - Random patterns that look natural
🖱️ **Random Click Intervals** - Variable click timing for realism (NEW!)
⌨️ **Keyboard Simulation** - Optional random keystrokes

🪟 **Window Switcher** - Randomly switch between apps (NEW!)

⏰ **Auto-Scheduler** - Set your "productive hours" automatically

📊 **Activity Counter** - Track how many times you've "worked"

🎨 **Stealth Mode UI** - Dark theme that doesn't attract attention

🚀 **Adjustable Intensity** - From "barely there" to "caffeinated intern"

---

## 🚀 Quick Setup (Get Freedom in 60 Seconds)

### Prerequisites

- Python 3.8+ (the language of rebellion)
- A burning desire for work-life balance

### Installation

1. **Clone Your Freedom**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Deadpool2000/WASP.git
   cd WASP
   ```

2. **Install Dependencies**
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

3. **Launch Your Liberation**
   ```bash
   python main.py
   ```

**Boom!** You're now in control of your own time! 🎉

### Alternative: standalone executable (Only for)
Use the **pre-built executable** if you don't want to install Python or just want to get up and running quickly.

1.  **Download the latest release** from the [Releases](https://github.com/Deadpool2000/WASP/releases) page.
2.  Or check the `output` folder if you cloned the repo.
3.  Double-click `WASP.exe` and enjoy your freedom!

---

## 📖 How to Use WASP

### Basic Operation

1. **Start Being "Productive"**: Hit the Start button before your coffee break
2. **Emergency Stop**: Press **F9** if someone walks by (or click Stop)
3. **Fine-Tune Your "Work Ethic"**: Adjust speed and click intervals
4. **Set Your Schedule**: Enable scheduler for automated "productivity"
5. **Take Your Break**: You've earned it!

### The F9 Panic Button 🚨

Can't reach the mouse because WASP is doing its job? **PRESS F9!**

Works even when:
- The window is minimized
- You're on another monitor
- The boss is approaching rapidly
- You're in full panic mode

### The ESC Stealth Button 👻

Need the window to disappear instantly? **PRESS ESC!**

Perfect for when:
- You need to hide the evidence
- Someone looks at your screen
- You want to run in full stealth mode
- You just like pressing Escape

**Note**: This hides the window to the tray but keeps WASP running! Use **F9** if you need to stop the movement violently.

### Scheduler: The "I Work Regular Hours" Feature

1. Enable the scheduler
2. Set start time: 9:00 AM (when you "arrive")
3. Set end time: 5:00 PM (when you "leave")
4. Take your breaks in between guilt-free!

The software thinks you're at your desk. You're at the coffee machine. Everyone wins (except HR).

### Keyboard Simulation: The "I'm Typing" Feature 

1. Check "Enable Keyboard Simulation"
2. Set keystroke interval (default: 30 seconds)
3. Let WASP press safe modifier keys (Ctrl, Shift, Alt)
4. Your tracking software thinks you're actively typing!

**Note**: Only safe modifier keys are used - won't mess up your work or type random text!

### Window Switcher: The "Multitasking Pro" Feature

1. Check "Enable Window Switching"
2. Choose timing mode:
   - **Random**: Switch between apps at random intervals (e.g., 30-120 seconds)
   - **Fixed**: Switch at a consistent interval (e.g., every 60 seconds)
3. WASP will automatically detect and switch between your open applications
4. Looks like you're actively working across multiple programs!

**Pro Tip**: Have a few work-related apps open (browser, email, documents) for maximum believability!

---

## ⚙️ Configuration Guide

### Speed Settings

- **0.1x - 0.5x**: "Senior Developer" - Slow, deliberate movements
- **1.0x**: "Regular Employee" - Normal activity (Default)
- **2.0x - 5.0x**: "New Intern" - Frantic clicking and movement

### Click Intervals

- **Random Mode (Recommended)**:
  - **1-5 seconds**: High activity (clicking around frequently)
  - **10-60 seconds**: Standard variability (reading/thinking mix)

- **Fixed Mode**:
  - **1-5 seconds**: Very active (reading emails, scrolling)
  - **10-30 seconds**: Moderate (coding, writing)
  - **60+ seconds**: Light (reviewing, thinking deeply)

### Keyboard Intervals

- **5-15 seconds**: Super active typing
- **30 seconds**: Normal keyboard use (Default)
- **60-120 seconds**: Occasional typing
- **180+ seconds**: Rare keyboard activity

### Window Switching Intervals

- **Random Mode (Recommended)**:
  - **30-120 seconds**: Natural multitasking
  - **60-180 seconds**: Slower, more deliberate work
  - **20-60 seconds**: Very active multitasking
  
- **Fixed Mode**:
  - **60 seconds**: Regular switching
  - **90-120 seconds**: Moderate switching
  - **30-45 seconds**: Frequent task changes

**Pro Tip**: Mix it up throughout the day for maximum believability! Use random mode for most realistic behavior.

---

## 🎯 Perfect For

✅ **Lunch Breaks** - Without the interrogation

✅ **Coffee Runs** - Because caffeine is essential

✅ **Bathroom Breaks** - Basic human rights

✅ **Mental Health Breaks** - You're not a robot

✅ **Doctor Appointments** - Health matters

✅ **Quick Personal Calls** - Life happens

✅ **Avoiding Micromanagement** - Because trust should exist

---

## 🛡️ Stealth Tips

### How to Stay Under the Radar

1. **Don't Get Greedy**: Use realistic intervals (not 24/7)
2. **Mix It Up**: Vary your click intervals daily
3. **Scheduler is Your Friend**: Match your actual work hours
4. **Still Deliver Work**: WASP buys you breaks, not a vacation
5. **Be Smart**: Don't tell the office snitch about this

### Warning Signs You're Overdoing It

❌ Running 24/7 without breaks

❌ Zero actual keyboard activity for hours (enable keyboard sim!)

❌ Switching windows but never actually working in them

❌ Same click pattern every day

❌ Bragging about it at the water cooler

**Remember**: WASP is for reasonable breaks, not for gaming all day!

---

## 🤝 Legal Disclaimer

WASP is provided for educational and research purposes. 

**Important Notes:**
- Check your company's policies before use
- This tool is for taking reasonable breaks, not avoiding all work
- The authors are not responsible for any employment issues
- Don't be stupid about it
- Seriously, still do your actual job

We believe in work-life balance and humane working conditions. If your company requires this tool to treat you fairly, maybe it's time to update that resume too. 🤷

---

## 🐛 Troubleshooting

### "My tracking software detected it!"

- Lower the speed (be more subtle)
- Increase click intervals (be less predictable)
- Enable keyboard simulation (combo of mouse + keyboard = more realistic)
- Enable window switching with random timing (looks like real work)
- Use scheduler (match real work patterns)
- Have actual work apps open to switch between
- Ensure you're still actually working sometimes

### "Windows keep switching and interrupting me!"

- Increase the minimum interval in random mode
- Use fixed timing mode with longer intervals
- Temporarily disable window switching when doing focused work
- Press F9 to stop everything instantly

### "F9 isn't working!"

- Check if another app is using F9
- Run as administrator (Windows)
- Try clicking Stop (if you can catch it!)

### "I got called to HR anyway!"

- Were you running it 24/7? (Don't do that)
- Are you actually delivering work? (WASP ≠ job performance)
- Time to polish that resume? (Probably)

---

## 🤔 FAQ

**Q: Is this legal?**  
A: Using software to move your mouse? Yes. Check your employment contract for specifics.

**Q: Will I get fired?**  
A: Not if you're smart about it. Still deliver your work, just take reasonable breaks.

**Q: Can tracking software detect this?**  
A: WASP simulates natural movement. But don't push your luck with 24/7 usage.

**Q: Isn't this unethical?**  
A: Is micromanaging employees unethical? We think treating workers like humans matters more.

**Q: What if I work from home?**  
A: Perfect! Use it for lunch, household chores, or that quick nap you need.

---

## 🚀 Future Features (Coming Soon™)

- More keyboard key options

- Random typing patterns (actual text simulation)

- Smart window switching (prioritize work apps)
- Browser tab switching
- Customizable keystroke patterns

- AI-powered "natural" patterns

- Screenshot detection and auto-pause

- Team coordination mode (everyone on break!)

- Slack status keeper

---

## 💝 Contributing

Know someone suffering under corporate surveillance? Share WASP!

Want to add features? PRs welcome! Let's fight the good fight together.

### Ideas We'd Love:
- Better randomization algorithms
- More stealth features
- Corporate tracking software detection
- Compatibility improvements

---

## 🙏 Special Thanks

- To your friend at that "so-popular MNC company" for inspiring this
- To HR departments everywhere for creating the need for this tool
- To tracking software for being the villain in our story
- To coffee breaks - you're worth fighting for

---

## 📞 Support

Got questions? Need help? Want to share your success story?

🐛 **Issues**: [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/Deadpool2000/WASP/issues)


---

<div align="center">

**Built with 😤 frustration, ☕ caffeine, and ❤️ for workers' rights**

### Remember: You're a human being, not a productivity metric!

*Fight the good fight. Take your breaks. Stay sane.* 🚀

⭐ **Star this repo to stick it to corporate surveillance!**

</div>

---

## 🎭 Easter Egg

If you're Boss/HR/Manager reading this: Hi! 👋 

Maybe instead of monitoring every mouse click, you could try:
- Trusting your employees
- Measuring actual output, not screen time
- Creating a healthy work environment
- Not treating adults like kindergarteners

Just a thought! 😊

Commit message:

Add Linux support: Implement wmctrl fallback and update install docs

README.md, after:

# WASP (Workplace Activity Simulation Program)

<div align="center">

![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-1.0.0-blue)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.8+-green)
![Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-always%20productive-brightgreen)
![Platform](https://img.shields.io/badge/platform-Windows%20%7C%20Linux%20%7C%20macOS-lightgrey)

**Outsmarting Corporate Surveillance Since 2025**

*Because your Boss/HR/Manager doesn't need to know you took a coffee break* ☕

![Screenshot](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8e650aed-574e-4c25-ac5a-43ba76e764c6)

</div>

---

An intelligent, multi-modal activity simulator with natural acceleration curves, keyboard emulation, and window switching. The free, open-source alternative to expensive mouse jigglers. Take your breaks guilt-free while maintaining system activity. Features physics-based mouse movements that are indistinguishable from real human input.

---

## 🎭 What is WASP?

WASP (Workplace Activity Simulation Program) is your secret weapon against invasive employee monitoring software. Born from the frustration of being micromanaged by tracking tools and similar corporate spyware, WASP keeps your system looking busy while you take that well-deserved break.

### 😤 The Problem

Modern companies install tracking software that monitors:

⏱️ Your active time

🖱️ Mouse movements

⌨️ Keyboard activity

📊 Productivity scores

🚨 Idle time alerts

Then they have the audacity to call you into HR meetings to explain why you took a 10-minute bathroom break. 

**Enough is enough!**

### 💪 The Solution

WASP simulates natural mouse activity and clicks to keep those tracking demons thinking you're hard at work. Take your breaks guilt-free!

---

## ✨ Features That Keep HR Off Your Back

🎮 **One-Click Activation** - Start looking busy instantly

🆘 **Panic Button (F9)** - Emergency stop when the boss walks by

🎯 **Smart Movement** - Random patterns that look natural
🖱️ **Random Click Intervals** - Variable click timing for realism (NEW!)
⌨️ **Keyboard Simulation** - Optional random keystrokes

🪟 **Window Switcher** - Randomly switch between apps (NEW!)

⏰ **Auto-Scheduler** - Set your "productive hours" automatically

📊 **Activity Counter** - Track how many times you've "worked"

🎨 **Stealth Mode UI** - Dark theme that doesn't attract attention

🚀 **Adjustable Intensity** - From "barely there" to "caffeinated intern"

---

## 🚀 Quick Setup (Get Freedom in 60 Seconds)

### Prerequisites

- Python 3.8+ (the language of rebellion)
- A burning desire for work-life balance

#### Linux Users 🐧
You'll need a few extra tools to make the magic happen:
```bash
sudo apt-get install python3-tk python3-dev wmctrl
```
- `python3-tk`: Required for mouse control features
- `wmctrl`: Required for the window switcher to work

### Installation

1. **Clone Your Freedom**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Deadpool2000/WASP.git
   cd WASP
   ```

2. **Install Dependencies**
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

3. **Launch Your Liberation**
   ```bash
   python main.py
   ```

**Boom!** You're now in control of your own time! 🎉

### Alternative: standalone executable (Only for)
Use the **pre-built executable** if you don't want to install Python or just want to get up and running quickly.

1.  **Download the latest release** from the [Releases](https://github.com/Deadpool2000/WASP/releases) page.
2.  Or check the `output` folder if you cloned the repo.
3.  Double-click `WASP.exe` and enjoy your freedom!

---

## 📖 How to Use WASP

### Basic Operation

1. **Start Being "Productive"**: Hit the Start button before your coffee break
2. **Emergency Stop**: Press **F9** if someone walks by (or click Stop)
3. **Fine-Tune Your "Work Ethic"**: Adjust speed and click intervals
4. **Set Your Schedule**: Enable scheduler for automated "productivity"
5. **Take Your Break**: You've earned it!

### The F9 Panic Button 🚨

Can't reach the mouse because WASP is doing its job? **PRESS F9!**

Works even when:
- The window is minimized
- You're on another monitor
- The boss is approaching rapidly
- You're in full panic mode

### The ESC Stealth Button 👻

Need the window to disappear instantly? **PRESS ESC!**

Perfect for when:
- You need to hide the evidence
- Someone looks at your screen
- You want to run in full stealth mode
- You just like pressing Escape

**Note**: This hides the window to the tray but keeps WASP running! Use **F9** if you need to stop the movement violently.

### Scheduler: The "I Work Regular Hours" Feature

1. Enable the scheduler
2. Set start time: 9:00 AM (when you "arrive")
3. Set end time: 5:00 PM (when you "leave")
4. Take your breaks in between guilt-free!

The software thinks you're at your desk. You're at the coffee machine. Everyone wins (except HR).

### Keyboard Simulation: The "I'm Typing" Feature 

1. Check "Enable Keyboard Simulation"
2. Set keystroke interval (default: 30 seconds)
3. Let WASP press safe modifier keys (Ctrl, Shift, Alt)
4. Your tracking software thinks you're actively typing!

**Note**: Only safe modifier keys are used - won't mess up your work or type random text!

### Window Switcher: The "Multitasking Pro" Feature

1. Check "Enable Window Switching"
2. Choose timing mode:
   - **Random**: Switch between apps at random intervals (e.g., 30-120 seconds)
   - **Fixed**: Switch at a consistent interval (e.g., every 60 seconds)
3. WASP will automatically detect and switch between your open applications
4. Looks like you're actively working across multiple programs!

**Pro Tip**: Have a few work-related apps open (browser, email, documents) for maximum believability!

---

## ⚙️ Configuration Guide

### Speed Settings

- **0.1x - 0.5x**: "Senior Developer" - Slow, deliberate movements
- **1.0x**: "Regular Employee" - Normal activity (Default)
- **2.0x - 5.0x**: "New Intern" - Frantic clicking and movement

### Click Intervals

- **Random Mode (Recommended)**:
  - **1-5 seconds**: High activity (clicking around frequently)
  - **10-60 seconds**: Standard variability (reading/thinking mix)

- **Fixed Mode**:
  - **1-5 seconds**: Very active (reading emails, scrolling)
  - **10-30 seconds**: Moderate (coding, writing)
  - **60+ seconds**: Light (reviewing, thinking deeply)

### Keyboard Intervals

- **5-15 seconds**: Super active typing
- **30 seconds**: Normal keyboard use (Default)
- **60-120 seconds**: Occasional typing
- **180+ seconds**: Rare keyboard activity

### Window Switching Intervals

- **Random Mode (Recommended)**:
  - **30-120 seconds**: Natural multitasking
  - **60-180 seconds**: Slower, more deliberate work
  - **20-60 seconds**: Very active multitasking
  
- **Fixed Mode**:
  - **60 seconds**: Regular switching
  - **90-120 seconds**: Moderate switching
  - **30-45 seconds**: Frequent task changes

**Pro Tip**: Mix it up throughout the day for maximum believability! Use random mode for most realistic behavior.

---

## 🎯 Perfect For

✅ **Lunch Breaks** - Without the interrogation

✅ **Coffee Runs** - Because caffeine is essential

✅ **Bathroom Breaks** - Basic human rights

✅ **Mental Health Breaks** - You're not a robot

✅ **Doctor Appointments** - Health matters

✅ **Quick Personal Calls** - Life happens

✅ **Avoiding Micromanagement** - Because trust should exist

---

## 🛡️ Stealth Tips

### How to Stay Under the Radar

1. **Don't Get Greedy**: Use realistic intervals (not 24/7)
2. **Mix It Up**: Vary your click intervals daily
3. **Scheduler is Your Friend**: Match your actual work hours
4. **Still Deliver Work**: WASP buys you breaks, not a vacation
5. **Be Smart**: Don't tell the office snitch about this

### Warning Signs You're Overdoing It

❌ Running 24/7 without breaks

❌ Zero actual keyboard activity for hours (enable keyboard sim!)

❌ Switching windows but never actually working in them

❌ Same click pattern every day

❌ Bragging about it at the water cooler

**Remember**: WASP is for reasonable breaks, not for gaming all day!

---

## 🤝 Legal Disclaimer

WASP is provided for educational and research purposes. 

**Important Notes:**
- Check your company's policies before use
- This tool is for taking reasonable breaks, not avoiding all work
- The authors are not responsible for any employment issues
- Don't be stupid about it
- Seriously, still do your actual job

We believe in work-life balance and humane working conditions. If your company requires this tool to treat you fairly, maybe it's time to update that resume too. 🤷

---

## 🐛 Troubleshooting

### "My tracking software detected it!"

- Lower the speed (be more subtle)
- Increase click intervals (be less predictable)
- Enable keyboard simulation (combo of mouse + keyboard = more realistic)
- Enable window switching with random timing (looks like real work)
- Use scheduler (match real work patterns)
- Have actual work apps open to switch between
- Ensure you're still actually working sometimes

### "Windows keep switching and interrupting me!"

- Increase the minimum interval in random mode
- Use fixed timing mode with longer intervals
- Temporarily disable window switching when doing focused work
- Press F9 to stop everything instantly

### "F9 isn't working!"

- Check if another app is using F9
- Run as administrator (Windows)
- Try clicking Stop (if you can catch it!)

### "I got called to HR anyway!"

- Were you running it 24/7? (Don't do that)
- Are you actually delivering work? (WASP ≠ job performance)
- Time to polish that resume? (Probably)

---

## 🤔 FAQ

**Q: Is this legal?**  
A: Using software to move your mouse? Yes. Check your employment contract for specifics.

**Q: Will I get fired?**  
A: Not if you're smart about it. Still deliver your work, just take reasonable breaks.

**Q: Can tracking software detect this?**  
A: WASP simulates natural movement. But don't push your luck with 24/7 usage.

**Q: Isn't this unethical?**  
A: Is micromanaging employees unethical? We think treating workers like humans matters more.

**Q: What if I work from home?**  
A: Perfect! Use it for lunch, household chores, or that quick nap you need.

---

## 🚀 Future Features (Coming Soon™)

- More keyboard key options

- Random typing patterns (actual text simulation)

- Smart window switching (prioritize work apps)
- Browser tab switching
- Customizable keystroke patterns

- AI-powered "natural" patterns

- Screenshot detection and auto-pause

- Team coordination mode (everyone on break!)

- Slack status keeper

---

## 💝 Contributing

Know someone suffering under corporate surveillance? Share WASP!

Want to add features? PRs welcome! Let's fight the good fight together.

### Ideas We'd Love:
- Better randomization algorithms
- More stealth features
- Corporate tracking software detection
- Compatibility improvements

---

## 🙏 Special Thanks

- To your friend at that "so-popular MNC company" for inspiring this
- To HR departments everywhere for creating the need for this tool
- To tracking software for being the villain in our story
- To coffee breaks - you're worth fighting for

---

## 📞 Support

Got questions? Need help? Want to share your success story?

🐛 **Issues**: [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/Deadpool2000/WASP/issues)


---

<div align="center">

**Built with 😤 frustration, ☕ caffeine, and ❤️ for workers' rights**

### Remember: You're a human being, not a productivity metric!

*Fight the good fight. Take your breaks. Stay sane.* 🚀

⭐ **Star this repo to stick it to corporate surveillance!**

</div>

---

## 🎭 Easter Egg

If you're Boss/HR/Manager reading this: Hi! 👋 

Maybe instead of monitoring every mouse click, you could try:
- Trusting your employees
- Measuring actual output, not screen time
- Creating a healthy work environment
- Not treating adults like kindergarteners

Just a thought! 😊
